First, we need to modify the activity main lay
out so that we can add the TextViews for price.
If the device preview isn't showing ready,
you can click on this link here that says preview in order to make it appear.
Now when we change the XML,
we can just see it update automatically here.
In the screenshot we provided to you,
the price was presented in a similar way to the quantity.
We have a header as well as a TextView to show the value,
so we can just copy over these two TextView elements and then paste it beneath it.
Now we just need to tweak the values to fit our scenario.
Instead of quantity, it should say
price and we should also change the ID to be price TextView.
You can have two views with the same ID.
But anyways, in the quiz,
we told you to change this to be price TextView so it would match our code.
There, and that makes the error go away.
Looking at the preview,
we have the price header and zero beneath it.
We also want to just change this to be zero dollars,
and you can use your own currency symbol if you want.
The header is in all caps and the actual price value has
a tech size of 16sp and a black text color.
That looks good so far,
except I do notice that there needs to be
a little more vertical space between the price header and the quantity value.
I'm just going to change all the views so that they have a margin top value of 16dp.
And then instead of margin bottom here,
I'm just going to do margin top 16,
and that actually fixes it.
Cool! Now all the views are evenly spaced apart.
Once you think the XML is in a good state,
then you can just run on your device.
Cool! And that looks good.
Let's work on the main activity file now.
If this Android DDMS window pops up,
you can just collapse it using this arrow.
In the main activity, we asked you to copy and
paste the display price method that we gave you.
Hopefully, you also modified
your Android studio preferences to
automatically import things if there were an ambiguous.
That would help resolve the problem of it not knowing what number format referred to.
But now with the import statement,
the app knows that number format is something that's provided
automatically by Java to help format numbers.
Then for the last step, we modify the Submit order method so that when
the button is clicked we display the quantity and also display the price.